Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
I told the Lord, "What direction do you want me to go on this one?
" because I have some things on my heart that He's been talking to me about.
You know, I do so many videos, y'all.
So I said, "I'm just going to be real about things that are going on in my life, what I'm praying over, and what He's showing me.
" Some things I just kind of keep to myself, but I thought this was kind of cool what He was talking to me about.
He said, "I want you to go back and look at when the eclipse took place.
" Many people, He said, dropped it; they didn't think it was very serious.
There were a lot of prophetic words that went forth about the solar eclipse.
The American eclipse is the one I'm referring to—the American eclipse that took place on April 8th.
It was a major thing, and many prophetic voices were speaking about it, and they all thought something was going to happen on April 8th of last year.
Many people did, and I told you all—people said, "Brandon, what did you feel about it?
" I told everybody, if you go back and look at my videos, I was very blunt about it: nothing is going to happen on April 8th.
That's what the Lord said to me.
I thought, "Man, I know I've heard the Lord that nothing is going to happen on April 8th.
" Well, we went to the temple.
I showed you all and I filmed, and I told you all this is where they're going to have the meetings on Friday and all the things.
I stood out there, Braden filmed it, and Diana was in the car.
It was a really spooky feeling because it was at the place that I know people will worship the Antichrist in the days ahead.
If you haven't watched my video about the Tribulation, you really should.
It's one of my favorite visitations from the Lord, going out of my body and seeing the Tribulation in the future.
So, the eclipse took place and it went right over, and everybody said it was a Jonah experience and Nineveh, all the things—it's coming in on Nineveh.
There were so many prophetic words around it.
I'm going somewhere with this: we're stepping into a full year since the eclipse on the 8th of April, which is next Tuesday.
So we have the full year, and all those prophetic words—none of that stuff seemed to manifest.
But I've warned you all.
When you're looking into the spirit, you see a depth perception.
There is a depth perception.
So, a lot of people go, "Oh, that was a big nothing burger.
Nothing happened off of the eclipse that came through Texas and went up the way it did, and the one that went through Oregon and all that, and it made a cross over Little Egypt and all that.
" Oh, the body of Christ is just so into it.
You know the signs, no signs.
Nothing happened.
Watch.
That's all I can tell you.
Next Tuesday is the full year of that.
Brandon, where are you going with this?
I'm telling you all, I saw the economy and things changing with the economy again.
And I'm telling you, the stiff-neckedness is upon the land.
The Lord told me, "I'm bringing a humbling to America.
There will be a great shaking to awaken.
" I told you about the window.
I told you about these things.
There'll be great shakeouts.
I've said these words: great shakeouts.
Great things will come, things that you all don't realize because you jump on the bandwagon of Prophet So-and-So, Prophet So-and-So—all these words, all the YouTube chatter.
But again, I was in prayer and the Lord showed me a bunch of prophetic faces, and they were on the heads of chickens.
They had big fluffy hinees on these chicken butts, and they were turned up to the sky, and they were pecking in the chicken yard.
All the little chicks were the body of Christ.
But you had a bunch of prophetic roosters, and they would look up and they would crow and they would say the word as they were in this pen.
They were in this big old pen.
It looked like a metal fence, but there was hardly any grass on the ground.
They were just pecking on the ground, digging around, and scratching.
But every once in a while, I saw the individual faces of each one of these prophetic people.
The Lord showed me individuals—certain people—and I saw their faces on these rooster bodies.
Their hinees were up, and their feathers were big, white, and fluffy.
They were up in the air, but their heads were always down while their butts were up in the air as they were pecking on the ground.
Every once in a while, they would look up and crow, and all the chickens around the barnyard would scatter around.
They were listening, but the chickens were just stirred.
Then I saw the eagles, and I saw the prophetic eagles that were flying.
They were accelerating up and up and up.
As they were going up, they were chirping over the land like a loud eagle cry.
As they did, the chickens were listening.
They were scurrying about because they were freaked out about the eagle up there high.
They were going up higher.
As they were looking at the eagle, they were only able to see the sun.
As the eagle went into the sun, the eagle started to disappear.
You could hear his voice still because the eagle and the sun were becoming one.
As they went higher and higher out into the prophetic realm, they went to the sun.
As the sun and the eagle were starting to become one—because as you tried to look to the eagle to see what was going on, all you could see was the sun—the sun became blinding and the eagle disappeared in it because nothing else mattered other than the sun.
The chickens were still on the ground pecking away, but the eagle went higher and higher and higher.
There was a difference between hearing the prophetic voice of the eagle versus the chicken who was only able to be right there in the barnyard, pecking away at the worms and working things up with his claws.
He's trying to get the grubs out of the dirt, trying to feed and eat off of it.
But the eagle was going higher, and he was looking at the sun so much so that he disappeared in the sun.
It shook me.
And the Lord said, "Be like the eagle.
Be like the eagle.
Lose yourself in me.
And as people go to hear you, you are so close to me that they're not able to see you.
They're able to see me through you.
" They lose themselves in the glory of the sun.
It's not about you; it's about me.
He said, "Come up higher.
Come up higher to the throne of grace.
" That's what He's telling y'all.
That's what He's telling me.
Prophesy as an eagle that is going into the sun.
You become blinding as you look at the sun.
Don't be like the chicken scratching with his little claws, trying to get all the dirt up, having his butt up there with his head up, saying "cock-a-doodle-doo" while everybody's looking around.
But it's not changing nothing.
They're just scratching around like other chickens, but everybody's looking at the rooster because that's who they're familiar with.
It's what's comfortable to you—to look at the rooster.
But God's called you to be an eagle that flies high into the sun.
Don't be down-scratching.
I've talked about this a little bit before, but I've got more of it.
I've got more, and He's showing me more.
A lot of them are in cages.
There are still cages all around them, but God's calling you up higher.
God is calling you up higher.
Soar into the sun and listen to the eagle.
Listen to the eagles.
You're going to know the difference between an eagle and a chicken, a rooster, real soon because there's fruit behind it.
There's fruit behind it.
It's going to change.
You're going to go from glory to glory.
He's changing you.
These are the scriptures that He's giving me for this: Jeremiah 23.
This is what the Lord of Heaven's Armies says to His people: 'Do not listen to these prophets when they prophesy to you, filling you with futile hopes, for they are making up everything they say.
They do not speak for the Lord.
They keep saying to those who despise My word, "Don't worry.
The Lord says you will have peace.
" And to those who stubbornly follow their own desires, they say, "No harm will come your way.
" Have any of these prophets been in the Lord's presence to hear what He is really saying?
Have even one of them cared enough to listen?
Look, the Lord's anger burst out like a storm, a whirlwind that swirls down on the heads of the wicked.
The anger of the Lord will not diminish until it has finished all He has planned.
In the days to come, you will understand all this very clearly.
I have not sent those prophets, yet they run around claiming to speak for Me.
I have given them no message, yet they go on prophesying.
If they had stood before Me and listened to Me, they would have spoken My words, and they would have turned My people away from their evil ways and deeds.
Am I a God who is only close at hand?
' says the Lord.
'No, I am far away at the same time.
Can anyone hide from Me in a secret place?
Am I not everywhere in all the heavens and the earth?
' says the Lord.
'I have heard these prophets say, "Listen to the dream I had from God last night," and then they proceed to tell lies in My name.
How long will this go on?
If they are prophets, they are prophets of deceit, inventing everything they say.
By telling these false dreams, they are trying to get My people to forget Me, just as their ancestors did by worshiping the idols of Baal.
Let these false prophets tell their dreams, but let My true messengers faithfully proclaim My every word.
There is a difference between straw and grain.
Does not My word burn like fire?
' says the Lord.
'Is it not like a mighty hammer that smashes a rock to pieces?
Therefore,' says the Lord, 'I am against those prophets who steal messages from each other and claim they are from Me.
' That happens a lot.
Say that again.
'Therefore,' says the Lord, 'I am against these prophets who steal messages from each other and claim they are from Me.
I am against those smooth-tongued prophets who say, "This prophecy is from the Lord.
" I am against these false prophets.
Their imaginary dreams are flagrant lies that lead My people into sin.
I did not send or appoint them, and they have no message at all for My people.
I, the Lord, have spoken.
' Suppose one of the people or one of the prophets or priests asks you, 'What prophecy has the Lord burdened you with?
' Now, you must reply, 'You are the burden.
The Lord says He will abandon you.
' If any prophet, priest, or anyone else says, 'I have a prophecy from the Lord,' I will punish that person along with his entire family.
You should keep asking each other, 'What is the Lord's answer?
' or 'What is the Lord's saying?
' But stop using the phrase 'prophecy from the Lord,' for people are using it to give authority to their own ideas, turning upside down the words of our God, the living God of Heaven's Armies.
Okay, that's very strong.
But there were so many different verses in this that just popped out to me that the Lord was saying about where we are right now, about the chickens.
There are a lot of people that are giving things and telling you their dreams.
They're telling you these things, but it's not coming from the Lord; it's coming from them.
And I'm telling you, timing is everything.
Let me go back to the eclipse.
I'm telling y'all, we must pray for what I've seen about the great shaking of the economy.
I told you all BlackRock and these major evil men are going to try to embarrass Trump.
They're going to try to embarrass America, as these are things the left, the far-left, hate.
And I'm not always on the Trump train going, 'Oh yeah, Trump, Trump, Trump.
' I'm on Jesus's train going, 'Jesus, Jesus, Jesus.
' But I know God puts people in position for a reason, for His purpose.
And we prayed this through.
So, I've warned you all about a major shaking to awaken.
And I've seen a major thing trying to take place over this week.
And everybody is going to see it, but it's the week of the eclipse.
One year has come by; six months from the election, there is a supernatural timeframe going into Passover.
We're getting ready to go into Passover next week.
And the next week starts at the beginning of Passover, I believe.
So, we have this prophetic time clock that is all in front of our face that is about America.
And I saw the main thing about what's going on with this tariff.
I saw a drain, a massive drain, turning and sucking down further.
I've warned you all about the debt of all the credit card debts.
There's too much top-heavy credit card debt with people not paying their credit cards.
I saw loans on cars and houses defaulting—major defaulting coming.
He talked to me about the used car market, warning me about a certain CarMax.
I drove by it and I heard, 'CarMax in trouble.
' What does that mean?
I don't know.
I just keep driving.
I told my brain, I said, 'What?
I heard CarMax in trouble.
What is that?
' And I saw interest rates on car loans and things with the economy, and I saw people not going out to eat.
I saw people eating around their tables.
I saw a great shaking to awaken, bringing the morals back into the house where people are like, 'Hey, they can't afford to eat out.
' And I know I've told you all that we're praying for a window for the wealth of the sinner laid up for the righteous.
But you will have to hear Him like you're hearing a clock tick.
If you are not dead still, you'll not hear it.
But you must listen to the Father for what is coming.
And most people go, 'Brandon, you said all this.
You said that.
' Yeah, I've said a lot.
And every single thing has been led by the Spirit of God to pray.
I told you my gift is not prophetic, y'all.
My gift is a watchman telling you the storm.
And I told you I saw a storm about the crash.
I've seen these things.
But I told you that the big elite men like Bezos and Bill Gates and these evil men—George Soros, these people—would try to embarrass by pulling the curtain out even further, making it sink faster and harder than what it should.
And if we did not step in and pray, we would see a 1930s-style event earlier than what it should have.
I saw a plague coming.
I've seen all these things coming.
I told you that when these things take place, we would see the dollar and the money in the banks be seized.
Remember, I warned you about the seizing of the money in the banks.
And when this happens, a new digital dollar on an American flag that was turned into a hundred-dollar bill...
half of the hundred-dollar bill was worth fifty cents.
And the Lord told me, 'I saw digital writing going upon this flag.
' You can watch the video; it's in the link down below.
I saw the American flag and I saw what was a hundred-dollar bill become worth half.
And I saw a debt crisis, a debt jubilee—all the debt: housing, car notes, everything.
Everybody was able to pay their mortgages and everything happened.
And then there was a new digital dollar that would come about eventually.
Are we at that place?
I pray we're not because I saw food lines.
I saw grocery stores.
I saw grocery shelves empty.
I saw trade wars.
I warned you about trade wars.
Listen to what they're saying in the media.
I warned you of this in 2023.
Trade wars were coming between China and America.
And when this takes place, there were no medical supplies—no medicines, or certain medicines—because China was retaliating against trade wars.
That's what I saw.
And I only tell you what I see.
It doesn't make sense in 2023.
And I see Trump's face leading it.
Why?
He wasn't even president; they were still trying to throw him in prison at that time.
But I see it, and I told everybody.
I see trade wars between China and America, and this is what's coming and it's going to be very bad.
It will escalate and escalate out of control.
This is big.
And then I saw gold and I saw these things, and I've warned you all.
This is where I believe the American eclipse—one year this week.
We'll see.
Maybe there will be nothing; it'll be a nothing.
But I believe that eclipse was for a reason, and we're going into this week.
Does that mean we're going to have a major something happen this week?
No.
But I'm telling you all to be watchful.
I'm telling you all to be prayed up.
Pray for our president.
There are rats within.
Not everyone who hangs around him is what they seem.
There's a lot of people who trust blindly because you are able to put on a good front and you have a good act.
We trust a lot as the body of Christ.
"Oh yeah, that guy's saved.
He's radically saved.
Boy, I'm telling you, he gave his heart over there," and they're behind the scenes doing bad things.
We need to walk in some discernment in these last days.
Be watchful.
Trust no one.
Be watchful and look around you.
It's like Billy Brim said, you need to know the difference between the sharks and the dolphins.
There's a lot of sharks out there, folks.
And there's a lot of dolphins, but they both swim alike and they both look alike in the water from a distance.
From a distance, but one has a lot bigger teeth.
It's the truth.
And the world and the body of Christ trust real easy.
Remember I told you all to watch the celebrities that come in and say, "I've got Jesus Christ all of a sudden," and they start leading.
They try to lead and they start telling everybody, "This is the way to go," because then they'll start...
I saw celebrities that say they got radically born again and start YouTube channels and everything else and then all of a sudden start leading lots of people, and it was sent by the devil as a distraction and they don't even realize it.
And they start saying there's a universal gospel, there's more ways to heaven than Jesus Christ—all religions are...
you can make it to heaven anyway other than Jesus.
Remember that.
I warned everybody about this in 2023.
So words that I'm getting in 2023 are coming to pass, starting to line up in 2025.
Trade wars, economy, all this stuff.
And I'm like, "Whoa, God.
" Look at the eclipse.
You had Great Shake, and you said there was a big thing from Passover to Passover.
I warned you all: major shifting and shaking will take place from Passover to Passover.
And I thought, "Man, what's going on?
" Look at all the shifting and shaking.
So, just watch the eclipse.
The eclipse came.
Now, we have another cool sign on the 25th with the two stars and the moon.
They'll look like two eyes and a moon in the sky on the 25th of April.
I was kind of excited about that.
I thought we were talking about Braden.
We weren't.
I said, "Well, you think that that's God smiling with the two planets in the sky?
" I thought, "That's God smiling.
He's up there looking down.
" I said, "What's he smiling about, though?
" Let's just believe something good is going to happen because that's God smiling.
I don't know.
I try to be optimistic and be happy.
I try to warn you all.
I sound the alarm as loud as I can without coming across as a Debbie Downer, like, "Oh no, the sky is falling.
" It's like this one guy who goes, "Oh no, it's going to zero.
Crypto's going to zero.
" You know, I'm like, "No, it's not.
I'm not believing that.
I'm believing for the turnaround.
I'm believing for good things.
" But I'm telling you all, we're in a time like we've never seen before.
And if we don't pull our heads out of the sand, we're going to miss it.
And when we hear these things, and we know what the Lord has told us, there'll be great shakeouts.
What does that mean to you?
There'll be a great shakeout.
People will freak out because they were bandwagons.
I'm not telling you what to do with your money; I never have.
Most people go, "Well, you're telling us what to do...
" I haven't told you to do nothing.
You do what you feel God's called you to do.
I don't know nothing.
I'm telling you, I'm not a financial adviser.
I'm nothing.
I'm just Braden, and I just pray and I think it's fun to watch what God is doing in these last days because I am staying vertical.
I refuse to look horizontal and go "the sky is falling, Chicken Little," because I'm telling you, if you watch CNN enough or MSNBC, you're going to be chasing your tail.
People are going to be freaking out if they're watching because of all the bad news that is on there right now trying to smear Trump, and they will sink this thing on purpose just to get back at him because they hate him that much.
Yeah, it didn't help that he's trying to line up this, but they'll try to pull the plug.
It's like, "Okay, we're waiting and now pull.
" Let's sink this sucker as fast as we can and we'll go, "See, we told you it was the Republicans.
Don't vote for them in the midterms.
Let's destroy this thing.
" And if that doesn't work, let's bring out the Kraken—and that's the virus.
Watch.
Watch and pray.
So, let's take communion today.
Let's believe God for the good things that He has for us and that we're listening to Him and we're smarter than they are.
I don't have any economic background at all.
But I have Jesus.
He's the great economist.
And not only does He know the future, He knows our future and He knows our past.
And He knows our weaknesses.
He knows it all, ladies and gentlemen.
But He's not freaked out about any of it.
He's the one that stands on the water.
He's the one that parts the seas and causes peace to the storms.
He's the one that goes, "Peace, be still.
" He didn't yell it and freak out.
No.
Jesus said, "Peace, be still.
" He didn't freak out.
He wasn't going, "Oh, no.
These waves are way too big.
My angels are not going to be strong enough to help me with these.
" He wasn't freaking out.
He just looked at the waves.
He looked at the stuff and He said, "Peace, be still.
" Why?
Because the storm wasn't inside of Him.
He had control of the storm.
Many let the storm inside of them and the storm of what they see going horizontal.
Jesus was vertical.
"I do nothing unless I see my Father tell me to do it.
I say nothing unless I hear my Father say to do it.
" I only say what He says to say because He was the master of the sea.
He was the master of the storm.
Everything He did, He had control of the storm around Him, the people, everything.
I'm not moved by the bullies.
I'm not moved by the Pharisees.
I'm not moved by Lazarus being dead.
I'm not moved by the leper.
I'm not moved.
I am moved only because I'm filled with control by the Holy Ghost.
Dead to self.
And that's who our God was.
He died, he rose again, and he is seated at the right hand of the Father.
It is done, and what is awesome about it is he is within us.
Thank you.
I choose to believe he has the best for me.
I choose to believe he has the best for Diana.
He has the best for Braden.
He has the best for us.
And yet we see all these things around us and you say, 'I thought you said this.
I thought you said that.
' He did, but he never told you a time frame.
That means just let it ride.
Just let it ride.
Father, when I looked at the prophetic word, everybody quotes Kim Clement a lot and I know he was a true man of God that heard the Lord.
And he said the Dow at 20,000 when things look at their worst, then a sudden change down at 20,000.
I thought, well, that's a long ways away from where it is right now.
I thought, surely, was he talking about that?
Could it go to 20,000?
Kim Clement prophesied it, and I don't know, but I start searching inside of my spirit of things and I said, 'Holy Spirit, show me,' and he said, 'Dow at 20,000,' and he said, 'When things look at their worst, then a breakthrough will come.
' I don't know.
20,000 from right now, that would be a very bad day.
I don't even know what that would look like.
I don't even know how that would happen.
I mean, from 46,000 to 20,000, there's going to be a lot of people crying if that happens.
Seriously, that would be a Great Depression, wouldn't it?
I mean, I don't know anything about that kind of stuff.
I just look at old prophetic words.
I thought, 'Did he miss it?
' I don't know.
All of us could.
All of us have.
I'm not saying he gets everything right.
I don't know.
But I just think it's interesting because I pull words up and I go, 'What does this mean?
What was it about?
' I don't know.
But the eclipse meant something.
The Great American Eclipse meant something.
And it was more than a presidency.
Many people go, 'Well, we got our president, everything.
' No, he was looking upon the heart.
It was like Jonah.
What was going on in Nineveh that the eclipse took place and the warning took place for them to change because he said judgment was coming?
What was God speaking through the two eclipses going across the New Madrid fault?
What was he saying?
Was it, 'Well, if you vote Democrat, I'm going to bring that'?
I don't think it had anything to do with Democrats and Republicans.
I think what God's looking at is much deeper than that.
He's looking at the heart of man.
He's looking at the heart of the church.
He's looking at the state of the church.
Where are we as a body?
And people go, 'Well, it has to do with red versus blue.
' It's too shallow, folks.
Too shallow.
What is it that we always compare about the politicians in America?
'Well, it's about the Democrats versus the Republicans.
' I mean, come on.
That's so shallow.
It's much deeper than that.
It's bigger than that.
My goodness, folks.
We've got to let the elevator go to the top.
It's much bigger than that.
It's bigger than where we are in these last days.
Most people say, 'Well, we didn't have an earthquake.
' Not yet.
I've told you I saw a major earthquake coming on New Madrid.
I've told you these major things.
What makes all these dominoes fall?
I believe what Donald Trump is doing, honestly, is getting us ready for the beast system, and he doesn't even realize he's being used to do it.
He says he's making America great again to go in with a digital platform to bring in the beast system.
It's what happens.
But he's using him to do it.
And most people are going, 'We love Trump.
We love Trump.
' And they're so excited.
And I'm like, 'Yeah, I like him, too.
He's a great guy.
I pray for him.
' But I still believe he's being led to bring forth the end-time system regardless of our love for Trump.
Me too.
But I still believe Elon Musk and all the things that I've warned you about are all still in motion.
I pray for President Trump; I intercede for him every day.
But most people do not realize how close we are to what we had to do to get the domino to fall over, to get the mechanism to get us into it.
And most people are going, 'Well, this is laying us down to 2028 and to 2030 and Jesus,' and you know, 'it's going to make America great again in the future for the next 50 years.
' And Jeremiah 23, remember that.
You need to be careful who you're listening to.
Chickens versus eagles.
I'm telling you all, we've got to come up higher.
Let's just lift up this body.
I ramble too much.
Thank you, Lord, for your body.
Thank you, Lord, that you were bruised for our iniquities and the chastisement of our peace was upon you and with your stripes we're healed.
Thank you, Lord, that Easter's coming, that Passover is coming.
And God, I thank you that you were the great Passover.
That as we take this beautiful body and this beautiful blood that represents our Passover, that represents you did it all for us, that the death angel and every circumstance is passing over because Jesus paid the price.
And as the children of Israel put the lamb's blood upon the door and the death angel was not able to touch them, how much more, Father, that you do it for us.
And we take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for us.
You did it all.
And you are awesome for what you did.
Now Lord, we thank you for the blood.
And we apply the blood of Jesus over our doorpost, over our house, over our minds, over our wills, our emotions.
And Jesus, we apply the blood over every area of our life.
And we make much of the blood and the blood will make much of us.
And we plead the blood of Jesus Christ over our homes, our houses, over our finances, over our marriages.
And we thank you, Lord, that what you did for us on that cross—it was more than what we could dare ask or think.
Thank you, Lord.
And we take this blood right now in the name of Jesus.
Lord, we enter in by the blood of the Lamb and by the word of our testimony.
We enter into your throne room.
We enter into your throne right now, seated with you like the eagle.
Lord, we don't want to be a chicken down there scratching around trying to find yesterday's worm.
We're looking for the good stuff.
I don't want to be a chicken.
I don't want to be a rooster.
I want to be an eagle.
And I'm going to be an eagle.
And I will fly like an eagle above all the storms.
And as the storms of life come in, we go higher above the storm clouds.
And we don't just stay on the ground and let the storm eat us up.
Father, I thank you, Lord, because God, you've called us to be more than conquerors.
You called us to be more for such a time as this.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over our homes, over our marriage, over our children, over their schools, over everything they do.
Father, we plead the blood of Jesus over our unsaved loved ones, and we call them in.
For you said you were leaving the ninety-nine and going after the one.
We thank you Lord for the blood of Jesus Christ that we apply over our churches.
We apply the blood over our pastors and over our lay pastors, Father.
We call them strong, Father, in these end times, that they would get great revelation from you to impart into the body.
Thank you, Father, that you're raising up new men and women of God to take the baton, to run the race, and to finish this race.
Father, we're not just barely getting by, but we are finishing the race with great victory—sweatless victory.
I'm believing for sweatless victory.
You said, "Brandon, these are days of fun coming.
" Days of fun.
What does that look like?
Days of fun to the Lord is a great harvest.
Fun to me is seeing God happy.
What's on God's heart today?
What makes you happy, Father?
Your children, a great victory, going from victory to victory, going from glory to glory.
Lord, we worship you.
We expect a miracle.
We expect to see change in our life and in our government.
And Father, as we hear about all the things this week—the economy, the stock market, all the shaking to awaken, the warnings, and the signs that you've warned us about and screamed from your very significance—I mean the moon and all the elements to speak to us.
You said you'd give it to us, Father, to speak to us.
Are we listening?
Signs in the heavens—are we listening?
Help us, God, not to be so complacent and weary in well-doing and become so desensitized that we forget about something that happened a year ago and say, "Well, it was a year ago; it means nothing," because you are a vast God that speaks way bigger than even a year ago.
You're not moved by our little timetable; you're moved by your timetable.
And you're not going, "Well, because I didn't do it in that first hour, that means it was a flop.
" No, you're not moved by our little time.
Even if it was ten years from now, it wouldn't mean anything to you.
But God, I know you're the God who speaks through our moon and our sun.
You speak to us through eclipses—lunar and solar eclipses—and you show us those things that are to come, not through astrology; astrology is witchcraft.
But Father, you speak to us like you did Daniel.
Lord, I believe like you did for the wise men when they followed the star to Bethlehem.
They saw the star because they knew the King was being born.
They followed the star because Jesus was in the star.
He was coming as a lamb for the salvation of us all.
The wise men knew to follow the star; if it wasn't for that, they wouldn't have known.
But they were looking for the sign, and there are signs just like there were with the wise men.
There were signs in the heavens, and I believe the same God that spoke through the star to tell the wise men to come is still speaking today.
If we're listening, you're able to speak to us.
Father, they say there's sign after sign.
We've already seen a couple years ago the sign of Bethlehem.
They call it the Bethlehem star.
I believe it was you saying, "I'm coming again.
" You showed up the first time with the star, and you are going to show up again the second time with the star.
Are we listening?
Lord, help us to be the ones who are not so quick to forget the signs, even the Bethlehem star that was in the sky a couple years ago.
Lord, let us remember and be quick to hear it.
The stars were so big together, Father; it was so bright in the sky that everyone would see it worldwide.
The whole world saw that major sign in the heavens.
People are like, "What in the world is that?
" and it's not going to happen again for a long time.
Oh God, help us not to forget those signs.
Lord, I thank you that you're good and your mercy endures forever.
Father, you speak to us so loud even in the skies.
We worship you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for our president and for Vance.
We thank you, Lord, for the protection over them—that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
Every tongue that rises against them, we condemn it.
A curse without a cause cannot stand.
And we believe, Father, that we're not under the curse, but that we're always in the right place at the right time, hearing your voice.
Lord, we give you praise, glory, and honor for the fire of the Holy Spirit.
As we yield to you, Father, we jump in that river right now in the name of Jesus and let the Holy Ghost take control.
We're not just in the lazy river all the time, but Father, we're in the rapids too—Holy Ghost rapids, stirring us up right now in the name of Jesus, filled and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
We thank you, Lord, that there are good days ahead for the body of Christ as we stay in sync with you.
But, Father, I know what you said: there is correction coming in the church.
There is going to be a correction in the body.
And Father, what more to get their attention than their pocketbook?
You touch people's wallets and they start to say, "Oh, you got my attention.
" Lord, it's pathetic it has to come to that sometimes, but whatever it takes.
Father, I want to be an eagle and I want to soar with you.
You've got my attention.
My pocketbook is your pocketbook.
I thank you, Father.
You're the glory and the lifter of my head.
We are not moved by what we see or what we feel about this next week or the week after.
We're moved by what you said and what you've told us we'd do, and we carry the greater works.
Lord, we lift up your name.
We praise you, God.
Like you said, you are our healer.
We call for deliverance and the restoration of all things.
Glory to God!
Hallelujah.
We stir ourselves up.
We go deeper in the wells—the great rivers of living water that flow out of the inside of us.
We call forth that river to flow on a greater level, to go up higher.
We dance.
You lead, we follow.
Your agenda, not ours.
Oh man, I see South Korea.
I see it on the border of North Korea and South Korea.
I see an explosion and fire.
I see almost like what you'd see when it says TNT across it, and I see the fire coming out of it.
It's like a bomb went off on the border of South Korea and North Korea, on the far west side.
Not all the way out into the ocean, but right there.
I see some kind of disturbance there.
It surely is a disturbance.
They are trying to break out war there.
I now see China provoking.
It is like a provocation with North Korea, and China backing North Korea.
It is what I've seen again, with Kim Jong-un being backed by China and Russia, bringing forth this alliance with the BRICS there.
There I go again, South Korea.
Why would North Korea want a war with South Korea?
What is that all about?
It is about China.
I see China trying to rise up like a great dragon in the days ahead.
You'll see movement in the days ahead.
Now, I'm not saying when.
I see a movement: China coming up like out of a volcano.
I see a red dragon coming up out of a volcano; it is a fierce dragon.
I see fire coming from the dragon's mouth, and it's flaming toward South Korea.
Now I see Japan again.
They are being promised a lot.
North Korea and Kim Jong-un are being promised a lot, and it makes them confident.
There are secret meetings.
You will see it; it's like what I see about North Korea, China, and Russia becoming one.
I see Iran and an alliance of these countries, almost like they are thinking as one, like a covenant.
I was looking at Venezuela, and I see Venezuela being promised things.
Now I'm in Cuba, and I see Cuba being promised things.
I see alliances of Cuba, Venezuela, and the countries that have been outcasts, like Afghanistan.
There are minerals in Afghanistan—something of value there.
I see Taiwan.
South Korea and Taiwan are allies of America, but China wants them.
What's interesting is what I'm hearing: people only look at what they see in the current year.
They don't believe what we believe about the Bible or the end times.
They're looking at 50-year and 10-year projections.
What will we be in the next several decades?
How do we get this land?
Like a united communism over South Korea, causing war.
I saw an explosion on the border, and I saw South Korea unable to retaliate.
China was backing up North Korea, coming to their aid.
It was a joint effort to make themselves greater, similar to Trump mentioning Greenland or Canada becoming one with America.
These are land grabs.
They are looking forward to what the new world would be, not the way the world is right now.
Russia wants the old Soviet Union—Ukraine and Poland—wanting that old land back to form a new, stronger Soviet Union with the old KGB thinking, playing this game like chess, all lining up with the NWO system.
These people are led by their own egos, trying to make their nations great because the tariffs are tipping them off.
I saw people moving strategically.
Cuba is lining up with Russia.
I see it coming—bringing them out of that.
There would be a base down there, so strong and close to America.
That's very dangerous.
I see it like it was with Greenland, a strategic move like the game Risk, with the spirit of war.
It is the Red Horse.
I saw the Red Horse when I looked at my wife's face; it was riding quickly.
The Red Horse of war is riding quickly.
Therefore, on the heels of this horse, the green horse—the chlorophyll horse—and the black horse will ride hand in hand together, for famine and pestilence will go hand in hand.
War, war, war.
Everything is going to change.
I say it again: I don't know if I'm looking into the Tribulation or not.
I went so far ahead; surely that's the Tribulation.
Oh, the great Mystery Babylon.
I see a massive volcano going off in Asia; it looks like it could be Japan or those islands right there.
It is a massive volcano, big enough to change the face of the earth.
I see lava flowing down the side of this mountain.
I think I'm looking into the Tribulation.
Now I'll tell you what I'm looking at: Canada.
Then it went from Canada all the way to the royals in England.
I saw King Charles.
Then it barely influenced Australia.
Canada, England, and Australia with the King of England.
Now I'm in Ireland.
It's like a scorpion.
Father, I thank you.
I don't even know how to describe it with words; my vocabulary is not sufficient.
It's past the Tribulation; I saw past the Tribulation with a New Heaven and a New Earth.
Some things you just can't say out loud.
I can't even give it words in English.
It looks like beautiful yellows and all kinds of colors, almost like a galaxy.
I saw new grass and new land features.
I saw the people coming out of what looked like a fraidy hole.
The people come up in this new land, and it was green, like the Garden of Eden all over again.
Everything was alive.
The trees were like what I've seen of the Garden of Eden.
Everything was new.
There was no pollution; all of it was brand new and happened in a moment.
It came out of the Spirit and transformed everything with just a word.
He said, 'Behold, I make all things new.
' The fields were fresh, and the sky was full of light with no darkness.
The canopy above the earth—the atmosphere—looked like beautiful colors.
I saw pinks and yellows.
Everything changed instantaneously.
I was looking in, and it was moving like a movie screen.
Everything was coming so fast.
I could see wars and plans, and all of a sudden, humanity stopped.
Everything was made new.
We, the Body—the Bride—were here.
Everything was fresh, like a New Heaven and a New Earth.
Everything we have ever known is about to change for that thousand-year reign.
I saw a glimpse of it again.
It doesn't happen very often, but I want to camp there.
When I try to describe it in words, I can't.
It is beautiful.
I feel His fire all over me.
Oh, what He has so much in store for us for a thousand years.
People better get excited about it.
I can't explain to you how green everything was.
The grass, the trees, and the bushes—there was no death.
There was no death.
You know how you see a dead limb here and there?
Outside, you go outside and there's a dead tree limb.
There was no death.
There were no dead brown leaves.
Everything is alive and green.
The sky is alive.
The very atmosphere is alive.
And even the grass was perfect.
It was green, but it's thick, almost like you see that old Easter basket grass.
I don't know how else to describe it to you.
Like you'd see moss on trees, it's so thick, like you could breathe it in, eat it, or drink it like the grass.
Everything is so alive.
I could just look into it, but I was pulled back and I looked over here and I could see it.
As far as I could see, it was new and beautiful with pinks and yellows, and the sky was so alive.
It happened as a swirl above the atmosphere, like a portal opened up.
All of a sudden this portal was turning, and all of a sudden all this newness just came out of it and it just transferred everything.
The portal was open and I could see it was like the size of a galaxy.
It was massive.
All of a sudden I saw this blue dot that looked like an Earth.
It came out of it, and I thought it was an atom—like an atom or particles.
That's what I thought I was looking at.
But it was something new.
As I was praying to the King and all these other things, I could see a scorpion's tail; I saw a scorpion.
It was a part of that.
All of a sudden, I kept going and going, like I was going faster and faster.
I could see the King of England, and I could see there was so much demonic attached to that with the Illuminati and things like that.
I was in the spirit and I could see it, and it was pulling me.
I could see all the darkness in Europe.
All of a sudden, I could see the agendas of China and all this stuff going on, and the war.
I saw a major war break out in America.
I pray and hope this is not now; this is the tribulation.
I'm talking about a desolate, bad war from coast to coast.
I saw Hawaii wiped out.
Bad war.
I saw volcanoes that were bigger in Hawaii going off all at the same time.
Hell on earth all around, dead fish.
It looked so scary.
Then all of a sudden, everything changed.
It was like peace.
It came out of great turmoil, the Great Tribulation.
I'm surely not looking into it right now.
Glory to God, y'all.
I was not expecting that today.
I know I try to explain the best I can what the Holy Spirit is showing me, but some of it I just can't say with words.
I do my best, but I assure you some things are just so holy you don't want to talk about them.
You just say, 'Wow, Lord.
' I know it may not make a whole lot of sense, some of the things I just said.
You might ask, 'What is wrong with you?
' because I see it.
The scorpion was stinging out.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
All I know is that You're coming soon.
Father, I thank You, Lord, that we come up higher with the fire.
We come out of Your throne, we come into the throne.
Glory to God.
Well, praise the Lord.
He's worthy to be praised.
I feel the anointing so strong on my face and my body right now; the weight of the glory is on me.
Oh, what He does to this little prayer channel.
I'm in awe of Him on a public platform.
He brings our own personal things in public.
Glory to God.
Oh Lord, You're worthy.
I can't wait.
It's going to be so awesome.
It's coming so soon.
Most people look at it as being far out there, but when I was looking then, it looked like it could be tomorrow—like the tribulation.
I saw the rider and the horse of war, the pale horse, and the dark black horse riding.
They were back to back with each other, all three.
The tribulation was getting ready to kick off.
Glory to God.
War, war, war.
It's nuts.
I was still trying to look at China and all that, and that dragon came up out of that volcano.
I saw a massive volcano going off in, I believe it was Japan.
It was a massive volcano, and lava was going down it like Pompeii.
That lava was coming out of that thing, causing great destruction.
Well, praise the Lord, y'all.
Thank you for joining me.
He saw Yosemite.
Yeah, Yosemite.
I heard Yosemite, but I didn't see it.
I heard it.
He was praying over Yosemite National Park.
I could hear something and there was rumbling, and he said, 'Yosemite.
' I thought, 'What?
' Then I remembered more.
I pray because when I'm hearing in the spirit and trying to decipher what I'm hearing, I realize that's America, California.
Yosemite has waterfalls.
I didn't know where it was.
There are mountains there; I think it's the Sierra Mountains.
I think I looked it up while you were praying.
Well, if I lived next to Yosemite, I'd really pray hard for what I just saw.
Oh goodness.
None of that is this.
That's why I said, 'Is this tribulation?
' But we have time.
Boy, if you get Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior and you surrender to Him today, you don't have to go through the tribulation.
It's not meant for us.
Again, the body was not here.
We are not appointed under wrath, ladies and gentlemen; we're appointed under grace.
I'm telling you, as the Body of Christ, it's time to rise up because our redemption is drawn nigh.
I don't want to be here for that, for another glimpse into it—the elements, the earthquakes, the volcanoes, the pestilence, the plague, the war, the antichrist.
I mean, folks, it's awful.
People ask, 'Will people live through it?
' No, it's beyond the elements, the pestilence, and the wars.
It will be very hard to live through the tribulation.
People are just going to die; they're going to be dead all over the place.
It's absolute hell on earth for seven years.
So many in the Body of Christ believe that we go through that.
How foolish.
God is not a wife beater.
He does not beat His bride.
People look at Him and say, 'Well, we're going to go through that because of whatever they think they find in the scripture.
' I'm telling you that we are not here for the tribulation—the remnant, the people, His bride, the ones that have their lamps full of oil.
God has His hand on us and He's going to take us out of this.
They say, 'Where is that in the Word?
' It's all through the Word.
But I'm not here to argue with you about it.
I stay ready.
Glory to God.
Well, I pray this video blessed you all today.
It blessed me.
I will take that in my memory bank for the rest of my life.
If the Lord tarries and I don't see the rapture, I believe we're about to see something.
Well, we pray it.
Like I said, this video blesses you.
I don't even know how to end it other than just tell you all we love you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
Thank you for entering into our prayer time with us.
We appreciate you praying with us.
We pray you got refreshed and that the Holy Spirit becomes more real to you as you walk out your relationship with Him.
From glory to glory, He's changing you.
Remember that Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.